//11 The Sinister Minister Belok
This chapter start from description of Mr. Tompkins morning way to the office. He always enjoyed morning trips, he liked to dawdle on the way: to breath the freshness of a new day. His pathway cut through the vineyards, along the side of a little brook and a little pond, where he liked to sit on the wooden bench and nice mornings. Once he has seen a deer and a baby rabbit with its mother there, near to the pond.
He has been quietly step to this place, he doesn't want to disturb animals.
Once he settled down onto the bench and started thinking about what had happened to him for 1 month. He had fired and moved to Morovia, and he really enjoys his beeing. 
Despite this relaxing morning Mr. Tompkins was worried about projects he managed. Many developers, many projects and lack of sufficient time. He tried to reassure himself that they with ex-General Markov and Belinda Binda together discuss this big problem later, and now he can relax this morning andfeel good about all the things that were going right: lots of sharp people on his staff, excellent managers, superior facilities and dream team: Belinda with Gabriel.
After moments he reached the office, he was met by Waldo. Waldo said that there was Mr. Belok was waiting Mr. Tompkins. Mr. Belok, smug-looking man, was instead of NNL, because he has gone to the States for a while. Then Mr. Tompkins has seen the countdown display with label that only 420 days was remaining until D-Day. Just the day before, it had shown 607 days left, Mr. Tompkins was in furious.
Mr. Belok was a Minister of Internal Affairs and Deputy Tyrant.
Mr. Belok introduced to Mr. Tompkins. He is financial manager of NNL. Thanks to him NNL became what he is now: billionaire. Mr. Belok was interested in money, so he explained to Mr. Tompkins that every day of downtime costs us a quarter of million American Dollars.
So Mr. Belok decided to reduce time until D-Day.
Mr.Tompkins was confused, Mr. Belok ordered Mr. Tompkins should merge 18 teams to 6 teams, and stop project laboratory experiment.
Mr. Tompkins was in furious!!! It is disaster.

Later Mr. Tompkins discussed this problem with Belinda and Gabriel.
At the start of the meeting, Gabriel and Webster were totally dissapointed. Belinda opposite was optimistic. Totally they decided to agree with Mr. Belok and merge teams. 
They change their plan of experiment and then they went home. Mr. Tompkins as usual writed down some notes to his personal book.












